>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
so now talking about object.
So object is the object class.
We are talking about instances here,
not class declaration, but instances.
Here I have a list of some tools
that we have available that they
are available in different
versions of ECMAScript.
Here you can see that
assign 15 entries 17.
So, I have a hasOwn 2022.
I have a lot of examples here.
These are just very small changes
to the object class tools to use.
For example, in this case,
object assign will actually copy
the values of all the own
properties from one or
more objects to a target object,
so it will copy the properties.
Do you know what's an own property, or
what's the difference between property and
own property?
>> Student: Ones that don't
come from the prototype chain?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Yeah,
that's correct.
So an own property, it's a property that
is defined in that particular object and
it's not coming from the prototype chain.
That from an OOP perspective,
it's like saying that it's not coming from
the hierarchy, from the super class, okay?
But it's not always a super class
in JavaScript, but that's the idea.
So in this case, we have a target,
we have a source.
With b and c and a target,
and then you assign that, and
now the assign is this one.
Now it has a, so now the target,
actually the return
target because it's a third object,
it's assigning a, b, and c.
It's just that.
Then get entries, actually entries,
not get entries, entries,
will convert all the own properties
into a key value array pair.
So, for example, this object that you
see here, it's converted into an array,
it's an array with sub arrays with
key value, key value, key value.
It's just that.
It converts an object
into that other format.
Values will give an array only
with the values, with no keys.
Is it useful?
There are very specific
reasons to do that.
And also, you can kind of do something
similar with the "for...in" so you can emulate
the, sometimes there's more differences
between one or the other, but just that.
So then, from entries,
object from entries is actually
the counterpart of this one of entries.
With from entries, you can take this
structure, array of sub arrays,
an array with an array of key value,
and convert that back into an object.
It's like serializing an object to arrays
and vice versa, something like that.
And hasOwn is just a way to know
if one object has its property,
but it's an own property, and
it's not a property coming
from the hierarchy or
the prototype chain, okay?
For example,
just string is available on every object.
So when you're asking for this object,
the object has a toString,
but it's not an own property.
So it gives you false.
And a, it's an own property.
Okay, it's just that.
And also from ES6,
you have the is that it's actually pretty
similar to the triple equals operator,
but not 100% the same.
So, it has to do with the not so
happy NaN value,
not a number, so it has to do with that.
Actually, we need to spend like 20
minutes to understand the difference
between "is" and triple equals.
I don't think it's worth the time,
but have in mind it's there, okay?